#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe requirements/local.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
ansi2html==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   cumulusci
    #   fs
appnope==0.1.2
    # via ipython
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
authlib==0.15.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   simple-salesforce
babel==2.9.0
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
black==20.8b1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
boto3==1.17.39
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
botocore==1.20.51
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   cumulusci
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   cumulusci
    #   rq
    #   snowfakery
coloredlogs==15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
croniter==1.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rq-scheduler
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   authlib
    #   cumulusci
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
cumulusci==3.32.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
decorator==5.0.7
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
django-allauth==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-defender==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-extensions==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-filters
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
django-guardian==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-js-reverse==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-log-request-id==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-rq==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-slds-crispyforms==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-watson==1.5.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django==3.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-defender
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-js-reverse
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
djangorestframework-filters==1.0.0.dev2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-filters
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
docutils==0.17
    # via sphinx
faker==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
fs==2.4.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   junitparser
github3.py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
gvgen==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
honcho==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
humanfriendly==9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coloredlogs
    #   cumulusci
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   keyring
ipdb==0.13.7
    # via -r requirements/local.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.22.0
    # via ipdb
isort==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
junitparser==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
jwcrypto==0.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   github3.py
keyring==23.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
logfmt==0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sfdo-template-helpers
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   jinja2
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
    #   cumulusci
pydantic==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   django-allauth
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   cumulusci
    #   faker
    #   github3.py
    #   rq-scheduler
    #   snowfakery
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-allauth
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   cumulusci
    #   django
    #   fs
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-defender
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
regex==2021.4.4
    # via black
requests-futures==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-allauth
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   cumulusci
    #   django-allauth
    #   github3.py
    #   requests-futures
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   robotframework-requests
    #   salesforce-bulk
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   sphinx
robotframework-lint==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
robotframework-pabot==1.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
robotframework-pythonlibcore==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
robotframework-requests==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
robotframework-seleniumlibrary==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
robotframework==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-lint
    #   robotframework-pabot
    #   robotframework-requests
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
rq-scheduler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
rq==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rq
    #   rq-scheduler
rst2ansi==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
s3transfer==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
salesforce-bulk==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
sarge==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   robotframework-seleniumlibrary
https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/sfdo-template-helpers/archive/v0.16.0.tar.gz
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
simple-salesforce==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   salesforce-bulk
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cumulusci
    #   fs
    #   python-dateutil
    #   salesforce-bulk
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
snowfakery==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
sphinx==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   snowfakery
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
terminaltables==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipdb
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via ipython
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via black
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   cumulusci
    #   pydantic
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   salesforce-bulk
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   cumulusci
    #   github3.py
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   cumulusci
    #   requests
    #   selenium
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
zipp==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==54.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cumulusci
    #   fs
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
